{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 On this website you will find questions to test yourself on the content of the "Learn web development" course on MDN, compiled from the two 40+ page Google Docs I wrote them in when I was first making my way through the course. I hope this will be of some use to you in your own studies. \
\
I got the idea for taking these question-and-answer-type notes from Scott H Young's "Ultralearning" book. In the chapter on the principle of retrieval, he describes what he calls the "Question-Book Method", where you take notes by "[rephrasing] what you've recorded as questions to be answered later." I also see this method as relevant to the "Direct-Then-Drill Approach" he describes, combining the principles of directness (learn to do the thing you want to do by doing the thing you want to do) and drill (identifying the one component of the skill that needs to be mastered in order for you to practice the overall skill). The approach goes as follows:\
\
1. Practice the skill directly.\
2. Figure out what components are holding you back or just some components of the overall task.\
3. Design drills for these components and practice them\
4. Repeat.\
\
This helps with transfer, or "building the connective tissue to join the muscles you strengthened separately," and helps you figure out if your drills were designed well. In the context of this website, the approach might look like this:\
\
1. Working on building an actual website.\
2. Figure out what gaps in your knowledge are holding you back from doing this.\
3. Refer to MDN to learn what you need to, and use this website to test yourself on these things.\
\
For learning more specific things, like how to use a particular method or function, it might be more helpful to only consult MDN. But for bigger gaps in your knowledge like "Web forms" or "Object-oriented JavaScript," this website might be worth your time.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Keep in mind that I originally only wrote these for my own review, after I had already gone through the course a couple of times and worked on a few projects. As a result, some information which I had already had well memorized before beginning to take these notes is omitted. Other information which I'd deemed superfluous to include for various other reasons is also omitted; for instance, information pertaining to APIs like the Mapquest API or the WebGL API which the original pages on MDN include, I've omitted here because I figured their applications were particular enough that they could simply be learned when the time comes to apply them. If this is something which worries you, know that this only applies to a small minority of the overall content from MDN. For the most part, you can feel safe using this website for its desired purpose, being to act as an aid to your learning as you make your way through MDN's "Learn web development" course. In no way is this website a substitute for that course, nor is it a substitute for building your own websites and working on real projects, where most of the learning will come from. \
\
Additionally, most of the content on this website is organized according to the respective MDN pages they came from, but some of it is variously moved to other sections, separated into multiple sections, or combined into one section, according to what I thought appropriate. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
All images you see in the background of this website are original, made by me in Blender. Some models, like the dinosaur heads in the header, the dinosaur hand(s) in the footer, and the MDN logo in the footer are based on Mozilla's own MDN logo and old mascot, trademarks of the Mozilla Foundation.\
\
This website is \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 not affiliated, associated, authorized, endorsed by, or in any way officially connected with the Mozilla Foundation. All products, service names, and logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of the Mozilla Foundation.
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
}